---
title: "3 Bedroom 2 Bath Houses For Sale Near Me"
date: "2023-04-03 08:26:47 +0300"
author: NrdyBhu1
category: tutorial blog
---
3 Bedroom 2 Bath Houses For Sale Near Me
Search 3+ Bed Houses For Sale In Greater ManchesterFind the latest 3+ bed houses available for sale in Greater Manchester with the UK's most user-friendly property portal. Search properties to buy from\xa0...", '3 bedroom house for sale in forres3 bedroom houses for sale Houses for sale in Forres 1 - 7 of 7 Save your search ... Detached house for sale - Just added Findhorn Road, Forres IV36 3 2 1 We\xa0...', 'Houses For Sale Near MeView photos, open house information, and property details for nearby real estate. ... LISTED BY REDFIN. 3D WALKTHROUGH. $1,095,000. 3 Beds. 2 Baths.', '3 Bedroom Houses to Buy in Chesham - For saleDetached house for sale. Chartridge Lane, Chesham HP5. 3 2 2 ... presented 3 double bedroom, 2 bathroom (one ensuite) detached property with rooftop views\xa0...', '3 bedroom houses for sale in EnglandImage 1 Image 2 Image 3. 2. 3. 2. Asking price. £750,000. 3 bedroom End Terrace House for sale, Joseph Hardcastle Close, London, SE14.', 'Real Estate & Homes for Sale Near MeResults 1 - 25 — Search through 10197 available homes for sale near me. ... This 3 bedroom, 2 bath house has been renovated and is ready for a new owner and\xa0...', 'Houses for sale scunthorpe purplebricks255,000 Dorset Close West, Scunthorpe, DN15 9EL 3 bedroom detached house ... 3 beds. 1 bath.2 Bedroom Houses to Buy in Scunthorpe - Primelocation\xa0...', 'Properties For SaleView homes to buy with Purplebricks. Browse our latest houses and flats on the market and book a viewing online in minutes.', 'Property For Sale in Lisburn2 Penworth Green, Lisburn, BT28 3WW. Offers around £189,500. 3 Bed Semi-detached House. Dalzell Estate Agents Logo. Marketed by. Dalzell Estate Agents.', 'All Properties for sale1 bedroom properties for sale 2 bedroom properties for sale 3 bedroom properties ... network and extensive contacts to work to find your perfect property.', 'Detached houses for sale glasgowThe property is a great family home and early viewing i 2 bedroom house in ... Glasgow G75 4 2 2 3 bed semi-detached house for sale £300,995 SummaryA\xa0...', '307 Properties for sale in ScotlandProperty for sale in Scotland from Savills, world leading estate agents. From country estates to city apartments, your ideal property is just a click away.', 'Repossessed houses for sale in loughborough1 bedroom apartment for sale 1 Harlech Close, Loughborough, LE11 5UB. ... EPC rating: Unknown.3 Bedroom with 2 Bathroom House For Sale Eastern Cape.', 'Shared Ownership Houses & Homes For SaleFind the largest selection of Shared Ownership properties and houses local to you with our property search. Find your gateway to owning your first home with\xa0...', '3+ Bedroom Houses for sale in LondonAcorn Limited T/A Start Financial Services is an Appointed Representative of Stonebridge Mortgage Solutions Ltd which is authorised and regulated by the\xa0...', 'Property for sale in Crete, GreeceDetached villa with panoramic sea views , located near the center of the ... A beautiful 2-3 bedroom 2 bathroom property of 102m2 located on a 432m2 plot of\xa0...', 'Properties for Sale in ShetlandHouses, flats, sites and commercial property for sale in Lerwick & Shetland. ... 2 Reception Rooms. 5 Bedrooms ... 3 Bedrooms. 1 Bathroom + WC. Gulberwick.', '3 Bedroom houses for sale in Durham, County DurhamA rare opportunity therefore now exists... bedroom 3 Bedroom bathroom 3 Bathrooms. £565,000. More Details.', '219 listings: 3 bedroom house for sale in BathWe have 219 properties for sale listed as: house bath 3 bedroom, from £60000. ... BA1, Bath, Bath and North East Somerset, South West England. 3; 2.', '3 bedroom Houses for sale in Bath - April 2023See 745 results for 3 bedroom Houses for sale in Bath at the best prices, with the cheapest property starting from £60000. Looking for more real estate to\xa0...']